# dotfiles-nixos

NixOS dotfiles

When installing new OS, remember to edit new `hardware-configuration.nix` and edit `configuration.nix`.
`hardware-configuration.nix`: add specific laptop and other modules needed. `inputs.nixos-hardware.nixosModules.framework-12th-gen-intel` for current framework
`configuration.nix`: change bootloader section based on config generated by `nixos-generate-config`

Set plasma theme to nord for more consistant themeing, haven't figure out how to do that yet.

Text size not applied: comment and uncomment `color-scheme = "prefer-dark` and `gtk-application-prefer-dark-theme` lines a few times, not sure why and how

Need to launch VSCodium in plasma wayland first after new installation before able to launch in hyprland for some reason. Plugin will also break if adding new plugin, only way to have full plugin is to reinstall. Its probably better to install plugins manually. Will list out plugins sometime. Need to downoad [Python Debugger](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.debugpy) and add it manually.

Set up fcitx5 by adding chewing and set English US as base, switch back to qwerty `Ctrl+Shift+SPACE` before start typing in chewing

To set up protonmail-bridge, first kill the process. launch the app in terminal `protonmail-bridge -c`. login using `login`, it will start syncing after authentication. Add `info` credential to thenderbird after syncing.

Sometimes powermenu keybind won't work, haven't figured out why

Import firfox bookmarks if needed, Need to enable all the plugins manually. Don't enable User Agent Switcher unless needed, will cause youtube visual bug if enabled.

Need to set chromium themes and plugin manually for now, haven't look into it

Need to login and set syncing folder for pCloud

Discord and browser can't share screen, probably either a wayland or hyprland problem. Need to comment out environment variable and use x11 for screen share.

Theres still some text sizing issue through out the system, probably due to themeing
